README.md, before:

Lawena Recording Tool [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/iabarca/lawena-recording-tool/v4.x.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/iabarca/lawena-recording-tool)
=====================

A simple [Java 7+](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index-jsp-138363.html) tool which greatly enhances your TF2 image quality for recording purposes, with surprisingly little performance loss compared to other such configurations. Records using ingame Source Recorder, with key bindings to ease the process.

Easy-to-use and no install required. This tool does not interfere with your regular TF2 configuration, HUD or launch options. Requires [Steam](https://steamcommunity.com/) in order to run.

#### Download Lawena
- Get the [Launcher](http://code.google.com/p/lawenarecordingtool/downloads/detail?name=lawena-recording-tool.v4.zip)
- Extract to any folder and run **lawena.exe**, the launcher will get all the required files and then start the tool.
- You can also download this repository and execute via [Gradle](http://www.gradle.org/) using ``gradle jar`` and then double clicking **lawena.jar**.

#### Features
- Insane max quality graphics configuration. 
- Recorded files are saved to the directory of your choosing for comfort and order.
- Options to enable/disable various game elements which may be unnecessary in the context of a movie.
- Includes built-in moviehuds with different levels of simplicity.
- Supports custom HUDs/materials/models/etc to add a personal touch to your movies.
- Includes a set of built-in skyboxes, and supports custom skyboxes via simple drag-and-drop.
- SteamPipe folder structure support.
- [SrcDemo2](https://code.google.com/p/srcdemo2/) support to reduce drive usage and space.
- [VDM](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Demo_Recording_Tools) file support for automatizing your movie recording process.
- Updates automatically, you can see the latest changes [here](https://github.com/iabarca/lawena-recording-tool/commits/v4.x).
- Windows and experimental Linux/OSX support. (need more feedback!)

#### Recommended links
- [Instructions](http://code.google.com/p/lawenarecordingtool/wiki/Instructions) on how to use the tool, how to add custom resources, keybindings and Frequently Asked Questions.
- [VDM Tutorial](http://code.google.com/p/lawenarecordingtool/wiki/VDMtutorial) to automate your recording process
- [Rendering Tutorial](http://code.google.com/p/lawenarecordingtool/wiki/RenderingTutorial) using [VirtualDub](http://www.virtualdub.org/)
- [Issues](https://github.com/iabarca/lawena-recording-tool/issues) to report anything wrong and also to suggest new features.
- [Wiki](https://github.com/iabarca/lawena-recording-tool/wiki) within GitHub is under construction!

#### Credits
- Original project by Montz at [Google Code](http://code.google.com/p/lawenarecordingtool/)
- Current developer: [Quantic](http://steamcommunity.com/id/thepropane)
- Graphical .cfg files based on those made by Chris Down.
- Built-in Killnotices and Medic HUD made by [mih](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023136325) [[repo](https://github.com/Kuw/recordinghuds)]
- Skyboxes made by komaokc from GameBanana.
- Includes some content used in PLDX recording tool.
- Valve - Team Fortress and Team Fortress logo.

Commit message:

updated gradle-based build workflow

README.md, after:

Lawena Recording Tool [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/iabarca/lawena-recording-tool/v4.x.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/iabarca/lawena-recording-tool)
=====================

A simple [Java 7+](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index-jsp-138363.html) tool which greatly enhances your TF2 image quality for recording purposes, with surprisingly little performance loss compared to other such configurations. Records using ingame Source Recorder, with key bindings to ease the process.

Easy-to-use and no install required. This tool does not interfere with your regular TF2 configuration, HUD or launch options. Requires [Steam](https://steamcommunity.com/) in order to run.

#### Install Lawena using the launcher
- [Download the Launcher](http://code.google.com/p/lawenarecordingtool/downloads/detail?name=lawena-recording-tool.v4.zip) and extract it to any folder.
- Extract to any folder and run **lawena.exe**.
- The launcher will get the latest files and then start the program.

#### Install Lawena from this repository
- [Download this repository](https://github.com/iabarca/lawena-recording-tool/archive/v4.x.zip) and extract it to any folder.
- Double click **gradlew.bat** (Windows) or execute **gradlew** script (Unix) to run.

#### Features
- Insane max quality graphics configuration. 
- Recorded files are saved to the directory of your choosing for comfort and order.
- Options to enable/disable various game elements which may be unnecessary in the context of a movie.
- Includes built-in moviehuds with different levels of simplicity.
- Supports custom HUDs/materials/models/etc to add a personal touch to your movies.
- Includes a set of built-in skyboxes, and supports custom skyboxes via simple drag-and-drop.
- SteamPipe folder structure support.
- [SrcDemo2](https://code.google.com/p/srcdemo2/) support to reduce drive usage and space.
- [VDM](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Demo_Recording_Tools) file support for automatizing your movie recording process.
- Updates automatically, you can see the latest changes [here](https://github.com/iabarca/lawena-recording-tool/commits/v4.x).
- Windows and experimental Linux/OSX support. (need more feedback!)

#### Recommended links
- [Instructions](http://code.google.com/p/lawenarecordingtool/wiki/Instructions) on how to use the tool, how to add custom resources, keybindings and Frequently Asked Questions.
- [VDM Tutorial](http://code.google.com/p/lawenarecordingtool/wiki/VDMtutorial) to automate your recording process
- [Rendering Tutorial](http://code.google.com/p/lawenarecordingtool/wiki/RenderingTutorial) using [VirtualDub](http://www.virtualdub.org/)
- [Issues](https://github.com/iabarca/lawena-recording-tool/issues) to report anything wrong and also to suggest new features.
- [Wiki](https://github.com/iabarca/lawena-recording-tool/wiki) within GitHub is under construction!

#### Credits
- Original project by Montz at [Google Code](http://code.google.com/p/lawenarecordingtool/)
- Current developer: [Quantic](http://steamcommunity.com/id/thepropane)
- Graphical .cfg files based on those made by Chris Down.
- Built-in Killnotices and Medic HUD made by [mih](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023136325) [[repo](https://github.com/Kuw/recordinghuds)]
- Skyboxes made by komaokc from GameBanana.
- Includes some content used in PLDX recording tool.
- Valve - Team Fortress and Team Fortress logo.
